v0.0.23
    Motion SHOP/VOP added. (gfl)

    Vector SOP's interface got a facelift and some preset menus. The group field
    gets filled with the geometry selection.

v0.0.22
    Take Merge added. (jq)

    Fixed NURBS joining bug in Rounded Rectangle. (jq)

    UV Tile added. (gfl)

    Curve Segments rewritten as a Python SOP. Cleaner output, faster and more
    robust execution. (bk, jq, gfl)

    Varmap added. (jq, gfl)

    Vector added. (jq, gfl)

v0.0.21
    Path deform added.

    Weighted Transform added.

    Pose Blend added.

    Pre-release version of Skin (spec) added.
    
    Arc Blend is updated to support cylindircal blending. Also added some guide
    geometry.

    Pre-release version of Studio Rig added.

    Pre-release version of Teeth added.

    Point Texture now supports arbitrary destination attributes with various signatures.
    Also added the ability to create a local variable mapping if needed.

v0.0.20
    Symmetry added.

v0.0.19
    Attrib Shape complete inner overhaul. Now it supports arbirary shapes and 
    SDF volumes.

    Arc Blend inputs named.

v0.0.18
    Arc Blend added.

    The icon of Edge Hardness, Spiral and Bend has updated or fixed.

v0.0.17
    Added icon and proper context information to Star.

    Cinema Rig complete overhaul. All the secondary motion stuff is dropped
    from the asset.  Pan, tilt and roll is included. It's not a preview
    version anymore. Use it!

    Point Mix added.

    Edge Hardness added.

    Spiral added.

    Sweep Plus added.

v0.0.16
    Attribute Shape value parameters are color+alpha.

    Attribute Shape has an invert toggle for easy in/out value switch.

    Attribute Shape layout cleaned up a bit.

    Point Texture added. Supports vertex uv's.

    Curve Segments added. Supports closed curves and random vertex orders.

    Fixed a bug in Curve Offset that resulted in an unneeded surface in the result.

    Fixed a bug which resulted an unneeded float attrib even when the signature was vector.  

v0.0.15
    Star added.

    Spring Motion added.

    Fixed a typo in the naming of Turbulate Motion.

    Attrib Shape can create local variable.

v0.0.14
    Cinema Rig chop import changed to whole animation range.

v0.0.13
    Multiply mode added to Attrib Shape.

    Attrib Shape defaults changed to work with qLib proposed deformer
    set.

    Added Orient Save and Orient Restore.

    Added Turbulate.

v0.0.12
    Squashed a bug in Cinema Rig that prevented the rig working correctly for more
    than 10 second. :)

v0.0.11
    Triangle Grid added. Just a pre-release.

    Attrib Shape added.

v0.0.10
    Offset Curve added.

    Squashed stupid display flag bug in Rounded Recktangle.

v0.0.9
    Tetra Brik shader and geometry enhanced.

    Rounded Rectangle added.

v0.0.8
    Tetra Brik added.

v0.0.7
    Merge pieces added due to popular demand.

v0.0.6
    Cloth Refine 3d added. A cheap hack, but sometimes might be useful.

v0.0.5
    Distribute added. While it's not complete in many senses it's already useful.

v0.0.4
    Distance Add added. This is a H11 file it won't work with H10 due to incomlete
    hom implementation. The help of this node is present but H11 for some unknown 
    reason doesn't present asset help cards in the browser. Read the help inside the
    asset until we resolve the problem.

v0.0.3
    Turbulate Motion added.
    
    Test version of Cinema Rig added.

    Bug in Bend fixed, which resulted in wrong guide geometry when the deformer
    was rotated.

v0.0.2 - 'Bend qL' added.
    'Bend qL' added, which replaces the old qBend asset. See Release_Notes
    section in the help card of the operator.

v0.0.1 - Initial release.

    This is the initial release of qLib. This release doesn't include much,
    just the single motion_trail_ql asset. This release is mainly to test the
    release method and the filesystem layout.

    You should place the unpacked folder to a convenient place, where everyone
    can reach it, and add the qLib/base folder to the HOUDINI_OTLSCAN_PATH
    environment variable.

    In the qLib/spec folder there will be assets which are intended for
    per-project based inclusion (e.g. high level objects like water drops and
    such). 
